Nobody feels any pain
Tonight as I stand
inside the rain
Ev'rybody knows
That Baby's got new clothes
But lately I see her
ribbons and her bows
Have fallen from her curls
She takes just like a woman,
yes, she does
She makes love just like
a woman, yes, she does
And she aches just like a woman
But she breaks just
like a little girl
Queen Mary She's my friend
Yes, I believe
I'll go see her again
Nobody has to guess
That Baby can't be blessed
Till she sees finally that
she's like all the rest
With her fog, her amphetamine
and her pearls
She takes just like a woman, yes
She makes love just like
a woman, yes, she does
And she aches just like a woman
But she breaks just
like a little girl
It was raining from the first
And I was dying there of thirst
So I came in here
And your long-time curse hurts
But what's worse
Is this pain in here
I can't stay in here
Ain't it clear that
I just can't fit
Yes, I believe it's time
for us to quit
But when we meet again
Introduced as friends
Please don't let on that
you knew me when
I was hungry and
it was your world
Ah, you fake just like
a woman, yes, you do
You make love just like
Then you ache just like a woman
But you break just
like a little girl